## Attendees

* Damian Axford
* Steve Wood
* Jamie Osborne
* James Mastros
* Jess Robinson
* Robert Longbottom

## Agenda

1. PR stunts - align on the principle, discuss ideas, next steps
2. Events - inc Intro to Arduino series, Make:Shift:Do, OpensCAD series - agree scope, timing, roles, any budget requirement(s)
3. Procurement - process, tools, roles
4. Online tools (Google groups, Slack, etc) - summary of requirements (Jamie to lead?), discussion of options, next steps
5. "Board" positions - summary of roles identified so far (Jess to lead?), next steps

## Minutes

### PR

Yes, we should do more PR. As per the recent discussion on the mailing list, we should build a re-usable, interactive, interesting device that can be taken to craft fairs or just out and about in the town centre. The idea is to gain interest in passersby and invite them to the hackspace to build their own. The PR object should also be available as a kit with instructions and parts so that newcomers have a thing to work on and gain experience about what we do.

PR will also take other forms, an Open Day was discussed (see below), also members when talking about their own projects or advertising them, should try and reference the hackspace if appropriate.

### Events

In general we discussed visiting Makerfaires eg at Bristol, holding our own mini/microfaire, holiday themed events such as Xmas, Easter and Halloween (though a bit late for this year)

### Online tools / Communication

#### Adhoc

Discussions were had about the need for an adhoc communication medium, to enable online conversations in a chat-style format. Suggestions include "Slack", an online tool that requires an invite, and IRC, a text-based system, that also has web clients. Requirements include display of titles of URLs posted, and ability to review conversations afterwards. Ideally we should summarise any decisions/ideas from this medium onto the Wiki.

#### Mailing list groups

We would also like to be able to sub-group or categorise the mailing list discussions, to enable members to choose which conversations they follow. It was also suggested we could look into using Google+ Communities, though we would need a significant reason to abandon the current content.

#### Mailing list topics

It was felt that often topics / threads on the mailing list managed to change content without changing topic title, and members should try to rename topics that wander off-topic.

#### Wiki

We have a wiki (this one!) and should make attempts to use it more, for details about current projects, potential projects/ideas, procedures, decisions, summaries of discussions.

Things we need to write up at the moment: How to take attendance (money on the hackspace door and keep note of who turned up), How to add new members to the hackspace, How procurement works.

### Procurement

As a group we have collected some monies from membership and weekly attendance fees, which doesn't often get spent. We discussed the procedure for spending it and how to make decisions on what to spend it on.

Things we can buy are: Consumables (bolts, jumper leads, heatshrink etc), Assets (tools), Project materials.

### Decisions / "The Six"

Talk of procurement lead on to talk about how we decide what to buy, and make bigger decisions in general. As the meeting consisted of the six most active members, it was decided that any three of "The Six" together could make decisions for the hackspace.

### PR/Logo Bot

Ideas for the re-usable PR tool were: Robots, tweetable (tweet "@snhackbot red left 10" or similar), coloured bots / with pens, 

It was decided that the bot should be made using common hackspace methods, an arduino as the core, firmware written in C, 3d printed casing. We will need PR materials and a roadshow kit. More details about this to come on the project page for it.

Deadlines were discussed as a way to inspire actual work on this, as the Open Day planning will take up time in the next month, the prototype deadline was set to January 2015.

### Open Day event, for Make Shift Do

Speaking of deadlines, Make Shift Do, on November 21st and 22nd makes a good deadline for getting ready for another open day. Various members had been hoping to organise one since the 3d printing/technology day at the museum which brought many curious people to see the printers in action.

Current plans:

* Hold it on the Saturday (if the Museum agrees), as we'll get more passers by that way
* Teach a Design & Print workshop. This can be either a several hours workshop after which attendees can design their own item and have it printed, this will need pre-signups and may be trickier to organise. The alternative is to have 10-20 minute one-on-one introductions to 3d printing/design, and a set of customisable pre-made designs to choose from.
* Charge a fee - either have the museum charge extra on the door, or give us a % of the overall profits for that day, or charge extra for the workshop to people that actually want to sit down and take part.
* We will need to write a lesson plan or set of instructions to follow
* Advertising brochures/sheets will be needed to put up in the window and around town
* We could invite local journalists, swindonlink, swindonadver etc

Organising: Jess, Rob

More people will be needed to run printers and teach on the day.

## AOB

T-shirts/sweatshirts for hackspace members (with logo). We'll look into getting these. Suggestions were made to built/get a silk screening kit to make them ourselves. Initially we could look at getting 10 for prices around Â£12 each.

Organisation meetings: We will have further such meetings as and when necessary.

## Actions (!)

* Create a Wiki page for the current shopping list - All - In progress, see [[Shopping List]]
* Research local craft fairs or open air events we can take part in - Jess?
* Research the mirobot library for use with logo bot - Jamie
* Research/write-up use of IRC/Slack etc - James
* Look into adding sub-groups to the google groups mailing list - Jess/James
* Open Day - Plan, write-up, get started! - Jess
* Logo bot - OpenSCAD workshops  - Damian - In progress, see [[OpenSCAD Training]] and [[LogoBot]]
